Brian was woken up by a loud booming sound. He looked at his at phone to see that
it was only two in the morning. He has only fallen asleep only half an hour
earlier. He got out of his bed and walked over to his window. It was raining
heavily and has been for the past two days. "Hopefully school gets canceled
from all the rain and flooding," he thought to himself. Without any further
thought, Brian get back into his bed and hoped to fall asleep.

CRASH. After a few more peaceful minutes of sleep, Brian was once again
awakened. This sound seemed much closer than the last, so he hustled out of
bed to the window once more. Brian's heart nearly stopped. Outside, a squirrel
cowered in the rain. The little guy was illuminated by a green beam of light
coming from the sky, shining and pulsing like nothing Brian had ever seen. He
followed the light upwards with his eyes, and found himself staring straight
at a UFO.

The UFO descended towards the ground and Brian saw faces within the ship like
nothing he'd seen before. The ship landed, and everything in the world seemed to
stop. A sudden pop, a hiss, and a ramp seemingly materialized from the hull of
the vessel. The green light now filled the night, blinding Brian. With no warning,
something suddenly grabbed his hand.

It was definitely monster from another dimension. Brian was scared to death.
Without holding on for several seconds, Brian fainted and lost consciousness.
Intense light made it hard for Brian to open his eyes. He found himself lying on
a bed that looks very futuristic. One old man with messy hair was standing in
front of a pile of laboratory equipment, and a high school was sitting right
next to the bed. Says the boy:" hi, we are Rick and Morty.".

Brian was frozen in fear. He did not dare to speak and was unable to move. He could
barely make out his surroundings. He struggled to make sense of his surroundings,
everything seemed unrealistic. He seemed to have come into an animated world that
seemed similar to the show that he was watching last night. What did the boy say?
"Rick and Morty," that sounded familiar, right, it was the show he was watching.
Brian pinched himself to make sure that it wasn't a dream and to his surprise,
he woke up back in his bed. It was all a dream.
